.\" Man page for evoke
.TH evoke 1 "July 2024" "0.4.0" "evoke"

.SH NAME
evoke \- a powerful little static site generator

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B evoke
[\fIglobal options\fR] \fIcommand\fR [\fIcommand options\fR] [\fIarguments...\fR]

.SH DESCRIPTION
Evoke is a simple and fast static site generator written in Go. It takes your content, written in Markdown, and converts it into a static HTML website. Evoke is designed to be easy to use and flexible, with a focus on performance and simplicity.

.SH COMMANDS
.TP
.B build
Builds your content into a static website. This command reads all the files in your content directory, processes them through the appropriate pipelines, and writes the output to the \fBdist\fR directory.
.TP
.B serve
Builds and serves the site on a local development server. It also watches for changes to your files and automatically rebuilds the site and reloads the browser.
.TP
.B init
Initializes a new Evoke project in the current directory. This will create a basic directory structure and a default configuration file.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B --port
Specifies the port for the development server to listen on. The default port is 8990.
.TP
.B --help, -h
Shows a list of commands or help for one command.
.TP
.B --version, -v
Prints the version of Evoke.

.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
.B evoke init
Initializes a new project in the current directory.
.TP
.B evoke build
Builds the site.
.TP
.B evoke serve --port 8080
Builds the site and serves it on port 8080.

.SH SEE ALSO
The Evoke documentation can be found at https://github.com/Bitlatte/evoke
